Heading Level 1 Various text inputs
Grouping Enter your personal information
t-mobile.com e-mail required.
Edit required.
invalidentryname@email.
com Phone number required.
Edit required.
Invalid Entry Format 555-123-4567
Username required Edit required Invalid
entry password 8 characters minimum
required Edit protected Required Invalid
entry Checkbox not checked.
Show password out of grouping Grouping
comments and feedback.
Let us know what you think.
Your comment edit multi line type
feedback here out of edit out of grouping
visited very enter your personal
information groupingt-mobile.
com E-mail required edit required
invalidentryname@email.
com Blank phone number required edit
required Invalid entry format
555-123-4567 blank username required edit
required invalid entry blank password 8
characters minimum required edit
protected required invalid entry blank
show checked not checked comments and
feedback grouping back to.